Update readme and prepare dev env (#152)
owncloud/docs-webui: docs/new-version-branch.md

> # Create a New Version Branch for Web Userinterface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a New Version Branch for Web User Interface
```

Note that at the moment **no branching** is necessary for the webui repo as only the `master` branch is used that appears a `next` in the documentation.

<!--

> When doing a new release for Web Userinterfaces like `1.x`, a new version branch must be created based on `master`. It is necessary to do this in four steps. Please set the new and former version numbers accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing a new release for Web User Interfaces like `1.x`, a new version branch must be created based on `master`. It is necessary to do this in four steps. Please set the new and former version numbers accordingly.
```

> **Step 1: Create and configure the new `1.x` branch**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1: Create and configure the new `1.x` branch.**
```
